CORS: Mirror client's requested headers by default (#1480)
apollographql/router: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

## ❗ BREAKING ❗

> ### CORS: Mirror client's requested headers by default ([PR #1480](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/1480))
> 
> The router now mirrors client's `Access-Control-Request-Headers` by default.
> 
> #### What has changed?
> The latest release (0.14.0) introduced an `allow_any_header` setting, which is now removed.
> #### How do I `allow_any_header` in the latest release?
> This is the default behavior, you can remove `allow_any_header` from your configuration.
> 
> #### How do I *not* `allow_any_header` in the latest release?
> You can provide a list of headers to allow by filling the `allow_headers` key:
> ```yaml title="router.yaml"
> server:
>   cors:
>     allow_any_origin: true
>     allow_headers:
>       - Content-Type
>       - Authorization
>       - x-my-custom-header
> ```
> 
> By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/1480
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### CORS: Deprecate newly-added `allow_any_header` option and return to previous behavior ([PR #1480](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/1480))

We've re-considered and reverted changes we shipped in the last release with regards to how we handle the [`Access-Control-Request-Headers`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Request-Headers) *request* header and its corresponding [`Access-Control-Allow-Headers`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Headers) response header.  We've reverted to the previous releases' behavior, including the removal of the recently-added `allow_any_header` option.

The previous default behavior was to **reflect** the client's `Access-Control-Request-Headers` request header values back in the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` response header.  This previous behavior is in fact a common default behavior in other CORS libraries as well, including the [`cors`](https://npm.im/cors) Node.js package and we think it's worth keeping as it was previously, rather than requiring users to specify `allow_any_header` for the _majority_ of use cases.  We believe this to be a safe and secure default that is also more user-friendly.

It is not typically necessary to change this default behavior, but if you wish to allow a more specific set of headers, you can disable the default header reflection and specify a list of headers using the `allow_headers` option, which will allow only those headers in negotiating a response:

```yaml title="router.yaml"
server:
  cors:
    allow_any_origin: true
    # Including this `allow_headers` isn't typically necessary (can be removed) but
    # will *restrict* the permitted Access-Control-Allow-Headers response values.
    allow_headers:
      - Content-Type
      - Authorization
      - x-my-custom-header
```

By [@o0Ignition0o](https://github.com/o0ignition0o) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/1480

````
